You know what?
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25TH, 2023, 4:48 P.M.
I've got…
a bad feeling after all.
31 Takiharadai, Yokosuka City,
a brick wall house.
Rio and Kinari Tanaka are there too.
5:32 P.M.
-Wow!
-It's awesome.
-What's all this?
-What?
-It's scary.
-Why?
-Dang!
HIGH SCHOOL EXAMINATION TICKET
RIKA YAMAZAKI
Here.
Our names our similar.
The characters are the same.
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26TH, 2023, 1:39 PM.
I apologize for coming here so suddenly.
I'm Uozumi from the
Kanagawa Prefecture Sakihama police.
Come in, take a look.
Please, excuse me.
It seems fine. Everything looks okay.
Thank goodness.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27TH, 2023, 3:27 P.M.
When do your exam results come out?
Tomorrow.
Pretend you're going
to school tomorrow and run away.
I have someone who can help you.
I can't.
She said she'd kill me if I ran away.
Hey, do you have an old phone?
The client list is over here.
Did you kill Suzuka?
Yeah.
And Naoki?
-You're being used, let's ru--
-Die?
What are you two talking about?
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28TH, 2023, 6:08 A.M.
According to the Child Welfare Department,
she hasn't returned home after all.
Any other places she might go to?
Like a relative's?
She lived at her grandmother's house
for a time, at her own request.
Her grandmother…
Do you know the address?
Yes, it's in Chiba Prefecture…
4:56 P. M.
Rika won't be coming back.
It's too bad, but…
The fun's over.
You girls can go
wherever you want with this.
But don't tell anyone about this place.
Forget about all this and you'll have
nothing to be afraid of.
It's been a long time. Twenty years or so?
Eighteen years.
Oh. That's good.
You're a proper grown-up.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1ST, 2023
It seems your attacker was
a man hired on the dark web.
His intention was to intimidate you.
Since Rika Yamazaki
is giving her statement,
the culprits won't be able to make
any high-profile moves for some time.
And,
where is Rio?
We don't know.
There's nothing you could've
done in that situation.
Just be glad she's okay.
Ma,
-Can I speak my mind?
-Go ahead, talk. Talk.
There are things only a ghost
like me can understand.
I want to disappear.
No, I can't disappear yet.
I can't see you like this, junior!
When ghosts are near humans, is it
possible to put up some kind of barrier
and use that to protect someone?
It would be nice if there existed
super powers like that.
-Sis! Look!
-Huh?
"How to get close to spirits
without weakening the body."
Is there anything Naoki
really can't stand?
Or rather, something his body rejects?
His body?
Hello.
NOVEMBER 2022 - CAT CAFE LEON
If you're going to have one,
it's better to have two together.
They're such good friends.
It's sad for them to be separated.
-Yeah, you're right.
-Yeah.
But if you're going to have a pet,
you'd better have other things ready too.
-Hey.
-I really want to get a cat.
They're so cute, but I…
can't handle it.
Seriously?
-That's it!
-Yes!
THURSDAY, MARCH 2ND, 2023
-Why are you following me?
-Hey ghost, wait up!
Hey, you're creeping everyone out.
Don't come near me!
If I get close to you, won't you die?
It's fine because I have this.
Huh?
It serves as good protection,
made by our temple.
It's just an amulet.
It's not an ordinary amulet.
Dun…dun…
Ta-da.
Mr. Naoki Torino is standing
beside me right now.
Can you see him?
I can't see him,
but he's here.
-Cat hair?
-Yes, cat hair.
Yeah, cat hair.
I'll carry this with me at all times.
Meow!
This is awful.
-He says it's awful.
-Oh!
You're blocking Naoki's ghost power
with that, aren't you?
I sure am.
-No…
-Meow.
-Stop that!
She'll be in temporary custody
of the Child Welfare Department
starting today.
I see.
But first, she wanted to thank you.
Um, do you mind if I take
some of your time?
Are you starting high school
in the spring?
Huh?
I haven't checked the exam results yet.
What?
EXAMINATION TICKET
RIKA YAMAZAKI
EXAMINEE'S NUMBER
PASSWORD
SEARCH
PASS/FAIL RESULTS - RIKA YAMAZAKI
CONGRATULATIONS ON PASSING
Yes!
That's awesome!
Even if I go to high school,
I can never be normal again.
That's not true.
Congrats.
SAKIHAMA POLICE DEPARTMENT
You're right that I often had girls
over to my house.
I don't know who they are
or where they're from.
They said they didn't want to go home,
so I told them to do what they wanted.
They're minors.
You know what it means to have
minors stay at your house, don't you?
Isn't it the duty of an adult to contact
the police or other public authorities?
-That's a cold thing to say.
-Huh?
They have nowhere to go.
No one to protect them.
That's why they came to me.
If I turned them over to
the police right away,
it would cause them more pain.
And more despair.
First, I let them have something to eat.
Then I'd pick out
some cute outfits for them.
I thought it was better to tell them
they can stay as long as they like.
Don't you think so?
However, according to
Rika Yamazaki's statement,
you had them "working" for you.
How scary.
Supposing
that was true,
who are the customers of this business?
Where is the money I received?
Where are the other children now?
There's no evidence that the woman
in the car with Rio Ozaki
on February 24th was Chiyo Mutou.
I can't say for sure either.
Shouldn't the police look into
the girls' "work"?
There's no evidence of customers
or money flow.
It's impossible to arrest Chiyo Mutou
based solely on Rika Yamazaki's statement.
To begin with, this is the case of
Suzuka Takahara and your murder.
Those suspects, Kinari Tanaka
and Rio Ozaki, disappeared.
Connecting Chiyo to the murders
is impossible!
Calm down.
I'm sorry. I'm just so angry
with that woman.
Let's take a break, shall we?
I've been thinking for a while.
-Oh, you're still here.
-Hey, be nice.
I'd like to do something for Ha Young
to make her feel better.
And I've got an idea.
-I'm sorry, we're busy with a case.
-I know. So this is a final favor.
Ha Young said she had more to say
to Woo Jin, didn't she?
She said the living have regrets too.
-Yeah.
-I want to let her say those things.
Please.
I love you.
No, that's not quite right.
-Huh?
-Not quite right?
Darn.
Maybe he wouldn't say "I love you."
Then, what would he say?
Why are you practicing with Yui anyways?
Well, Ha Young is a human being.
-Why are you here?
-Because we're pals…
Excuse me.
There's something I'm wondering.
Is it okay for Woo Jin to look like that?
Oh?
Oh, they're husband and wife, right?
So, take off your tie.
And unbutton your shirt a bit.
I think Woo Jin might have been
wearing glasses.
-Glasses?
-Ah, I have some.
Wait, Yui. Don't.
I don't want you to make him look hot.
I was happy to be with you too.
You should say her name.
Also, he wasn't wearing glasses.
-What?
-Okay, take them off.
And button up.
-The top one too.
-Oh, the top one?
Just like this. Rub your body like this.
There was a zap.
It's easy. Try it.
What? He touched me?
I felt it.
You guys are so in love.
Why don't you come back to life?
-What?
-Come back to life?
"Come back to life"?
I heard a rumor.
Someone took a body and was
brought back from the dead.
Oh, I've heard that one too!
It seems that someone took
a body and was revived.
Took a body? Then, that means…
Does that mean I'd live as someone else?
What if that person is married
or has children or a family?
I guess he'd be living with that family.
He'd be living with that family.
That's absurd.
That's not good. You'd be
taking away that person's life.
It has something to do with compatibility.
It seems it won't work unless
you're a perfect match.
It won't work unless you're
a compatible match.
You took over his body before!
-She's here.
-No, I'm not ready yet.
-Mr. Uozumi, please stay hidden.
-Wait…
I was surprised you suddenly
invited me over for a drink.
Oh… I got a bottle of wine.
I thought I couldn't drink it all
by myself so…
Why don't you sit here.
I'm getting a bit tipsy.
-The doctor's a lightweight?
-Maybe her pace is too fast.
I'm sorry. We should
have drank a little slower.
That's what Woo Jin said.
He said, "You're not much of a drinker,
so take your time."
and then made me drink a lot.
I see.
Just like how he suddenly
confessed his love to me,
he died just as suddenly.
I don't understand why.
Yeah.
I want to complain, but…
I can't.
Yeah.
-Now! Go, Yuzuru!
-Good luck!
Woo Jin?
Get closer.
I'm dreaming.
Use your face to tell her to say
what she needs to!
What's with the friendly face?
You know,
"I'll tell him the next time I see him."
That's what I thought, but…
When you told me you liked me,
I was so happy!
The truth is,
from the moment we met,
I loved you.
I said it!
I was so happy, like I was dreaming.
Now! Say it!
I was also happy to be with you.
Me too.
I love you.
Ah, Ms. Harada?
What's wrong?
-It looks like Ms. Harada is disappearing.
-Huh?
I guess this was my regret.
I'm glad.
I can go to the other side now.
Thank you, everyone.
Goodbye.
Huh?
She said, "Thank you. Goodbye."
You're getting a little better.
If you could stay by my side forever
that's enough for me.
Yui, I…
But,
it's cruel, isn't it?
I can't do anything for you.
Naoki,
you can disappear.
SUNDAY, MARCH 5TH, 2023
-Excuse me. You dropped this.
-Huh?
I'm sorry.
That's a nice scarf, isn't it.
Thank you so much.
This is very important to me.
It was a gift from my husband.
I see.
Thank you very much.
I'm glad.
Bye.
Fire department.
-We'll leave it to you.
-Roger.
We will get him out right now.
The suspect, Kinari Tanaka, is dead.
The key witness, Rio Ozaki,
is in a critical condition, unconscious
due to carbon monoxide poisoning.
Get the stretcher.
Forensics indicate that both attempted to
commit suicide using charcoal briquettes.
In the car were personal belongings that
Naoki Torino may have given to Rio Ozaki,
five million yen in cash,
a pack of sleeping pills, and
the pruning shears believed to be
the weapon used to kill Naoki Torino.
From the communication logs
from Kinari's tablet,
there is evidence of communication with
the perpetrator of the Yui Soma attack.
We found a note that recalls the murder,
and the words, "I want to die."
Suzuka Takahara's murder
and your murder are
being ruled as crimes by Kinari Tanaka.
He's scheduled to be referred
to prosecutors.
The motive is a dispute over money.
I was killed at Masaru's house.
That means I met Kinari Tanaka
at Masaru's house. But why?
According to the investigation,
Kinari Tanaka and Rio Ozaki
took you out.
Because of your presence at the scene
of Suzuka Takahara's murder,
it is strongly believed you were silenced.
I had no reason to be at the home.
-And that woman…
-I agree.
There's no way Chiyo Mutou
wasn't involved in this case.
The five million that Rio had…
it's obviously money she got
from her work.
Twenty years later, she started it again.
And three people died.
We'll keep investigating.
I asked the police about it.
They say no visitors allowed.
How is Rio?
She's unconscious.
If her brain function declines,
her heart will eventually fail.
TEMPORARILY CLOSED
SOUTH YOKOHAMA JUVENILE DETENTION CENTER
-From 2003 to 2006, right?
-Yes.
We have the records,
but haven't digitized them.
Okay.
Do you mind if I borrow this room?
What's wrong? You guys hungry?
NAOKI, I GOT ACCEPTED INTO HIGH SCHOOL.
HIROTO
THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING.
KAITO
Let's go.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Good luck, Hiroto.
Kaito,
I'm sorry I scared you back then.
Why would he go there?
SOUTH YOKOHAMA
JUVENILE DETENTION CENTER RECORDS
There's a lot.
Found it.
OCTOBER 5TH, 2005
KINARI TANAKA
DOB: OCTOBER 8TH, 1985 - SEX: MALE
THEFT
DATE OF INCIDENT: OCTOBER 2, 2005
GUARANTOR: EISUKE IKEZAWA
SELF-EMPLOYED
KANAGAWA PREFECTURE, YOKOSUKA CITY
EMPLOYER
Yui.
Rio Ozaki
was in Masaru's care, wasn't she?
Yeah.
It makes me feel sorry.
I was wondering if you could
tell me her condition.
I hope she makes it.
Yeah…
What about Naoki's case?
Since the killer is dead,
there can be no trial.
I think this is the end of it,
procedurally, at least.
Does Naoki agree?
I… don't think so.
Is he here?
I don't think so.
You know,
I've been dreaming about Masaru lately.
He says, "Do your best, Eisuke."
With a big grin on his face.
I know what you mean.
If you're off today,
want to go to Masaru's?
I'm heading there after this.
Actually, I'm submitting an application
to make the property of Masaru's house
into a residence for children.
I'm about to get a permit from the city.
Oh, is that so?
Naoki, let's do it together.
Huh?
No response, huh?
I don't think he's here now.
Then I'll tell you about my plan.
You can tell Naoki later.
I'm sure he'll be glad to hear it.
Let's go.
Okay.
Excuse me.
I'd like to check her level of
consciousness. Is something wrong?
We saw someone who looked
a little suspicious.
-What?
-Height is about 180 cm.
A large man, wearing a gray jacket.
Nothing has happened so far, but…
This is a record from 18 years ago.
GUARANTOR
EISUKE IKEZAWA
No…
he may have just been
a guarantor in good faith.
Yes, but…
now we know Kinari Tanaka
and Eisuke Ikezawa were connected.
No…
I… if this were true…
Why would Eisuke kill me?
Before this house is demolished,
I wanted to take this.
I'll hang it up when
the new facility is built.
Masaru would be happy.
Ah, here.
I hope so.
That's good.
You're a proper grown-up.
After 18 years,
the good guy look is
starting to grow on me.
I need your help.
Huh?
It's your job to help people like me.
With what?
That woman.
She wants me kill Rio then turn myself in.
Even if everyone around her
gets their hands dirty,
she tries to stay clean no matter what.
Bad people think alike.
A SAFE PLACE FOR CHILDREN
CHILD SUPPORT ADVISOR, EISUKE IKEZAWA
I have that woman's client list.
I want to expose her evil deeds.
She's your mother, right?
That's why.
Got it.
I'm happy that the property left by Masaru
will make a nice place for the kids.
But I'll be sad when this house is gone.
Yeah.
But you know,
this is my dream.
This is Uozumi. What's up?
Yui came to the hospital just now.
Yeah?
Yui…
left with a man.
-Eisuke?
-Oh!
What's wrong?
It looked like he was in front of
Rio Ozaki's hospital room.
What?
I've always thought this.
The kids aren't to blame.
-Yeah.
-I want to take care of everyone.
That's wonderful.
When this place is completed,
I can save a lot of kids.
Once the business takes off,
I can do more.
Little by little,
my dreams are coming true.
That's what I told Naoki!
-What?
-Ah… sorry.
I got too excited. I'm sorry.
-No.
-I'm just feeling overwhelmed lately.
I wonder why that is?
-It's okay. Pick up.
-Oh, I'm sorry.
Hello?
This is Uozumi. Please answer my question
with either "yes" or "no."
Yes.
Are you with Eisuke Ikezawa now?
Get away from him.
Give him a reason to leave.
Yes.
But,
we're at Masaru's house.
Yui…
We'll be there soon.
Don't let him notice until we get there.
Why?
It's possible
that he killed Naoki.
Yui?
What's wrong?
Who is it?
Oh…
I'm… done.
I think we should wrap
the clock in something.
Eisuke Ikezawa hasn't noticed yet.
We have to go.
-Please.
-Yeah.
-Protect Yui.
-I know.
Why don't we go soon?
What? Oh, you're done already?
Is there anything you want to take?
Let's see…
What should I take?
Here. Take this.
THE CAT WHO LIVED A MILLION TIMES
It was in his left hand when he was found.
Why…
Why?
YUI SOMA
-Yui, stay calm.
-This is bad.
Oh?
Didn't I see you back then?
What?
Yui.
Naoki?
Huh?
You came with me?
He's here? You can see him?
Yes.
Right now,
he's here by my side.
Naoki?
You want to know "Why"?
Naoki says he wants to know.
Eisuke, please stop.
Wait. Don't go.
Don't cry.
I told you to use my body.
Yui, I…
I met you and…